We do not have a PVS (potential visibility set) system in place yet, but we do have distance based importance scaling which mostly solves the bandwidth aspect of it (but no the anit-cheat aspect). It solves it by sending things close by more frequently than things far away rather than not sending things far away.
My recommendation would be to start with distance based scaling and see how far it takes you. When we add a PVS solution it will probably be based on segmenting the entities into separate chunks and run the visibility logic per chunk - I guess that is closest to the subworlds you mention.

Distance based importance is used in asteroids and we can scale up to >20.000 active entities with it as long as only a subset of those entities are close by (tested with 20.000 asteroids and 8k x 8k map). I expect it will continue scaling far beyond that but never tried.

The way distance based importance works is that it first segments the entities into different chunks based on a user defined grid. No entities will be in the same chunk unless they are in the same grid cell. Once we have that segmentation we run a user defined importance scaling method per chunk, where the method knows the grid position of the chunk and the grid position of the camera, and it can scale importance based on distance in grid cells.

The code to setup the grid segmentation is in [https://github.com/Unity-Technologi...eproject/Assets/Samples/Asteroids/GameMain.cs](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/multiplayer/blob/master/sampleproject/Assets/Samples/Asteroids/GameMain.cs) - see the code doing something like entityManager.AddComponentData(grid, new GhostDistanceImportance

We also add a GhostConnectionPosition to all connections when going in-game and there is a system to update the position - see [https://github.com/Unity-Technologi...ver/Systems/UpdateConnectionPositionSystem.cs](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/multiplayer/blob/master/sampleproject/Assets/Samples/Asteroids/Server/Systems/UpdateConnectionPositionSystem.cs)

[Ghost snapshots | Unity NetCode | 0.5.0-preview.5 (unity3d.com)](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.netcode@0.5/manual/ghost-snapshots.html#distance-based-importance)

[Unity NetCode 0.0.2-preview.1 | Page 2 - Unity Forum](https://forum.unity.com/threads/unity-netcode-0-0-2-preview-1.785558/page-2)

\[[NetCode\] Expected amount of ghosts? - Unity Forum](https://forum.unity.com/threads/netcode-expected-amount-of-ghosts.790742/)

TileCenter offsets the grid a bit. Say you want 0,0,0 to be at the border of a tile instead of in the center of a tile, you would then set TileCenter to TileSize / 2. Unless you need fine grained control over the grid alignment you can just leave it at 0.

The tile border is related to reducing tile changes when an entity is between two tiles. The tiles are expanded by a border to have some overlap. This overlap means that you have to go a bit (the border size) outside your current tile before you switch to a new one, so if you are the the edge between two tiles and move a little bit back and forth you will not switch tile every frame.